(UPBEAT ROCK MUSIC)
(SINGER VOCALIZING)
♪ WYNONA'S GOT HERSELF
A BIG BROWN BEAVER ♪
♪ AND SHE SHOWS HIM OFF
TO ALL HER FRIENDS ♪
♪ ONE DAY, YOU KNOW, THAT
BEAVER TRIED TO LEAVE HER ♪
♪ SO SHE CAGED HIM UP
WITH CYCLONE FENCE ♪
♪ ALONG CAME LOU
WITH THE OLD BABOON ♪
♪ AND SAID RECOGNIZE
THAT SMELL ♪
♪ SMELLS LIKE SEVEN LAYERS ♪
♪ THAT BEAVER EATS TACO BELL ♪
♪♪♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ NOW REX WAS A TEXAN
OUT OF NEW ORLEANS ♪
♪ AND HE TRAVELED WITH
THE CARNIVAL SHOWS ♪
♪ HE RAN BUMPER CARS,
SUCKED CHEAP CIGARS ♪
♪ AND HE CANDIED UP HIS NOSE ♪
♪ HE GOT WIND OF THE
BIG BROWN BEAVER ♪
♪ SO HE THOUGHT HE'D
TAKE HIMSELF A PEEK ♪
♪ BUT THE BEAVER WAS QUICK
AND GRABBED HIM BY THE KIWIS ♪
♪ AND HE AIN'T PISSED
FOR A WEEK AND A HALF ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
(SINGER VOCALIZING)
♪ WYNONA TOOK HER
BIG BROWN BEAVER ♪
♪ AND SHE STUCK
HIM UP IN THE AIR ♪
♪ SAID I SURE DO LOVE
THIS BIG BROWN BEAVER ♪
♪ AND I WISH I DID HAVE A PAIR ♪
♪ NOW THE BEAVER ONCE
SLEPT FOR SEVEN DAYS ♪
♪ AND IT GAVE US ALL
AN AWFUL FRIGHT ♪
♪ SO I TICKLED HIS CHIN
AND I GAVE HIM A PINCH ♪
♪ AND THE BASTARD
TRIED TO BITE ME ♪
♪ WYNONA LOVED HER
BIG BROWN BEAVER ♪
♪ AND SHE STROKED
HIM ALL THE TIME ♪
♪ SHE PRICKED HER FINGER ONE
DAY AND IT OCCURRED TO HER ♪
♪ SHE MIGHT HAVE A PORCUPINE ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
(SINGER VOCALIZING)
♪♪♪